[vro-types] Update ZipWriter class interface (#419)
vmware/build-tools-for-vmware-aria: docs/versions/latest/Release.md

## Improvements

> ### types:ZipWriter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update ZipWriter class interface
```

> updated definition of ZipWriter from interface to class with constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added constructor to ZipWriter class interface. Updated input parameter types of ZipWriter functions.
```
